okay
part two when we left last we were
looking at the knife blades that's a
serious knife blade you've got the edge
on both sides it's not a chisel ground
blade like this this is half blade half
serrated look at the thickness of those
two blades leather one's just a little
bit thicker not quite but a little bit
also look at our mounted knife blade is
mounted on the top of the multi-tool
with the edge down for cutting
Leatherman is not along the bottom of
the tool with the edge down this gives a
better grip better better cutting
control you can use the blade a lot more
in my opinion use more of the blade
rather then like I said the saw gas file
it's also a three-sided file this is the
SOG this is the file bit for the
Leatherman
not the same size but um on the soggy it
has a course file on one side and then a
finer file face on the other side not
bad
and then the sog has the like I shoved
the saw blade and the other bits not
gonna go over those now size comparison
side-by-side and let's do that there's a
song
there's a letter about the same size
really feels better
I gotta say the loving that feels better
in my hand her grip and the song both of
them made of stainless steel both
excellent tools wouldn't mind carry and
either one of them but if I had to pick
one I'd definitely pick a Leatherman
surge multiplier 600 you know all it has
is the serrated blade doesn't have a saw
blade yet but I'm gonna take the saw
blade out of the Gerber diesel and put
it in here the Gerber diesel I think
will just be a end up being a
paperweight here's the blade knife right
on the 600 compared to the knife blade
this is a serious knife blade what it
should be and then the Gerber 600 has
all the other implements like the
slotted screwdriver bottle opener can
opener another slot and so on and so
forth but this is what it's all about
right here at Leatherman surge a newest
multi-tool excellent excellent tool SOG
multi-tool another excellent tool
wouldn't be afraid to carry either one
of them as an everyday carry leather
sheath give me only carried one way and
that's vertically on your belt this way
like I said a lot of them can carry two
different ways horizontal carry on the
belt the belt running this way well
vertical carry I prefer the horizontal
because it doesn't get in a way as much
but like I said tool itself almost 13
ounces this is that heavy duty
multi-tool this is one of them
leather ones to heaviest multi tools or
multi tools multi to the super tool 300
it's about the same size as this and
weighs about the same so super tool 311
and surgery are the two biggest multi
tools a Leatherman has right now I'd
like to get my hands on a wave
Leatherman Wave the next multi-tool that
I'm I'm gonna buy would be a Leatherman
Wave just because it doesn't weigh as
much as the surge and then the the saw
blade is a lot better
I mean this is a capable saw blade this
will do a cutting demo one of these days
nice clean smooth cut sticks enough that
did one thing I got to do that was turn
head blade back around the other way
perfect liner lock close it up
I played
not too shabby it's time I'm out
somewhere I'm gonna see if I can't cut a
feather stick with this
maybe I'll video that who knows but a
good tool loving the surge I think these
things run anywhere from 80 to 90 bucks
this one is not mine
it's borrowed but when I go to buy one I
definitely get a love them so with that
thanks for watching more videos to come
appreciate you watching Thanks
you